Establish a dedicated main db connection with heath check (#15962)
DataDog/integrations-core: postgres/CHANGELOG.md

***Added***:

> * Establish a dedicated main db connection with heath check ([#15962](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/15962))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Establish a dedicated main db connection to prevent the main thread db from closing prematurely ([#15962](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/15962))
```
